In this video I'm going to show you five different ways to promote your Google Analytics certification
so you can get a job earn more and when freelancing clients.
So the first thing you need to do is get your certification and you do that.
You can log into your academy for Radzik and come up to the right hand corner click on my profile and
here you should see all the certifications that you have.
So you can just click into the Google Analytics certification and the first way to really promoted is
just to print it out and put it on your desk so you can click on the print button here and then you
can print that I'd put that on your wall in a frame.
You can put that on your credit cubicle desk to really show your colleagues in your team members that
you have this qualification and that really can get you lined up for more responsibility within the
team or even a promotion.
So printing it out is the first way that you can promote it.
Now what you can also do at this stage is maybe open it up in a PTF.
If you see that option there and just download this to your desktop that's going to be important for
some of the other ways that we want to promote this.
I'm just going to move this to my desktop and save it there for one of the other ways we're going to
promote it.
So the next way that you can promote it is really just to add it to your CV.
So if you don't have a resume or CV there is a great template you can come into Google Docs just type
that into google quick into Google Docs and then you can see that they have some templates here so you
can click open the template gallery on one resume template that I think looks particularly good.
Is this resume called Spearman's and what she can do then is just an under awards you can add in Google
Analytics certification and put in your date or whatever that is 18.
So that is the second way you can promote it just by simply adding it to your CV.
That's going to look great if you're applying for jobs that can really see that you have these skills.
Now another way that you can promote it is by adding it to your LinkedIn profile.
So just log into your linked in a case then you want to scroll down.
And what we want to do is grow and this section here where it says certifications are accomplishments
so we can just click that certification what you want to do is just type in the certification name so
Google Analytics
certification now your certification authority or certification authorities are going to be Google.
So putting Google dot com the license number you're going to see this on your certification.
Let me just pull my one up here.
So you can see you have an I.D. here.
So copy that and paste that in there.
Mayor also going to have to look at this again just to put in the FROM days on the expiry date.
So for me it's from from August 2009 teen to August 2000 or 90 and then all we have to do is click save
and you can see here.
This is the one here.
Now we have the certification at it.
Now you'll notice that there isn't a link to the certification here like I've done and these are the
ones.
So what I can do is show you how to really get a link to those certifications as well that just gives
that extra level of credibility.
So if you want to get a link to it you Hoxha after you actually save it maybe on your own google drive
so you can come into Google Drive or Dropbox or anything like that just set up a little folder for your
Google certification and then what you can do is upload the file that you've just downloaded to your
desktop add it in there and then what we're going to do is just get the link from this.
So I've uploaded this to my own personal google drive.
I'm going to share this.
Just create a link that everybody can view create my share sharable link copy that come back into Linked-In
and the certification is set up.
Then the bottom here you can see the option to add in the certification you are l.
Now the advantage of doing that is just that people can click through and see your certification.
And that's really just adds another level of credibility.
Now by adding it to say a Google Drive like this or Dropbox or whatever you're using you couldn't really
then add this link to any freelancing platform whether you're a pro fallen work or five or dot.com or
anything like that.
You can just copy and paste this link in just like we've done there so people can really click through
and see your credibility.
So that was really the third way.
By just adding it to LinkedIn under accomplishments and certifications.
So now let's look at the final way that you can promote it and it's on Linked-In again.
So if you come in and click on home you're going to see this option to create a post and what you can
do here is really say something like.
And you can even say thanks to me.
Thanks to our
Deborah Walsh you should see this pop up.
And I'm the Google Analytics certified and what this is going to do is really send this message to all
of your contacts on LinkedIn that will really inform them that you're know you now have tangible evidence
of your analytics skills and if there's any jobs that they're aware of and they can reach out and get
you it's a great way just to start conversation about getting a job or earning that promotion or freelancing
clients need to make this even better.
What you can do is upload an image.
So what you need to do is really get that PTF that you've downloaded and now convert this to a jpeg
or an image file because you can actually upload a PTF to LinkedIn.
So what you can do is open this up and it might be slightly different on your computer.
But I'm going to export this and change this to a jpeg.
And this is just going to go back to my desktop and now I have a jpeg or an image file version of this
PDA.
Now I have a Mac so the process might be slightly different for you but if you have any trouble with
this what you can do is type into Google convert PTF T.J. Baig.
There's a load of free services that you can do this with.
So very very simple.
And then what you want to do is just copy that image.
You can see icons on the PDA.
That's why it changes.
Open that up and then that's going to be part of the post that you send to all of your contacts on LinkedIn
really letting them know that you are now Google on it's certified.
So post that then that's all you do.
And that'll go to all of your contacts.
So those are five ideas to promote your Google Analytics certification number one was printed I put
it on your desk.
Number two is added to your resume resume.
Number three was adding it to your LinkedIn profile.
Number four was promoting it not linked in like this.
Number five was getting that link on Google Drive and adding it to all the freelancing platforms.
So go ahead and implement those.
So you can get a high paying job get freelancing clients and earn that promotion.
So go ahead and try those that.